# OnilneEVM-India-
Database Management Project
Electronic voting systems have replaced paper-based systems, but even now, people doubt the voting system’s ability to secure the data and defend against any attacks. The blockchain-based system can ensure transparent and publicly verifiable elections in the country. If implemented successfully, voting can be done using a mobile application that is attached to a blockchain system. This project helps you to conduct voting at the national and organizational levels. You must ascertain certain things to let this project work. Firstly, the users’ details must be hidden in your application because of privacy issues. You must use an Ethereum address that works as the user’s identifier. Secondly, an individual must be able to submit only one vote, and only when they are eligible. The voting process must be transparent and all voting rules must be followed. No mistakes or fraud occurrences are accepted in such types of projects on blockchain. Blockchain-based systems can tackle the corruption observed in the voting process. This is because they provide a more transparent and straightforward platform for casting a vote. Mobile voting applications are also allowed to cast a vote. The blockchain is said to be an emerging, decentralized, and distributed technology that promises to enhance different aspects of many industries. Expanding e-voting into blockchain technology could be the solution to eliminate the present concerns in e-voting system There is no doubt that the ever-changing concept of the blockchain, which is the backbone of the famous cryptocurrency Bitcoin has triggered the start of a new era in the Internet and the online services. While most people focus only on bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies
